# Disco-Dream-Run

Disco Dream Run is a simple, visually engaging, 2D infinite running game for Android, utilizing mobile tilt controls for player movement. This personal project of mine has already been completed, and so it has been uploaded here onto Github as such, though it's worth noting that version control has indeed been appropriately used throughout the entire project, but through Unity's own Unity Collaborate tool.

Starting with your mobile device flatly parallel to the floor, you must tilt your device to move your character around, while also remaining on the laid out path in front of you. The core gameplay consists of dodging incoming red obstacles, while simultaneously staying coordinated enough to not fall off any ledges, which result in death. After your first play, a high score will appear on the main menu, and will carry over across play sessions. The music (though, not the game's sound effects) can be muted or un-muted in the main menu, and this user preference will also carry over across play sessions.

Attention to detail was a primary focus during development, so the game, even if a simple experience, could feel more alive and deep to the user. This is was attended to in various ways, such as music choice (given the type of game being produced), adding different variations of a 'death' sequence (using sound effects or animations), depending on how the player has died, gradually fading between starry skied backgrounds, adding a slight movement animation to the glowing 'Play' button in the main menu, while simultaneously brightening and darkening the bottom half of the title text above, synchronized in such a way that makes it seem that the glowing play button is brightening the UI text above, the closer it gets to it, while darkening it, as it moves away, along with a few other minor, yet meaningful stylistic decisions.

To try out or test this completed application, please see the published Google Play listing: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.EricKorber.DiscoDreamRun
